137 the speed limit on the highway in dry weather that's what
the departmental road safety squadron was tasked with monitoring or
Friday, November 26 on the a6
this road control is integrated into a departmental plan and is organized
once or twice a month minimum without initiatives to commanders
of units why 53% think that the day before
1845 accident on the department
in addition to the round of 100 injured
and then we talk to you 74
the lives lost to wear him not to do anything
and we realize you've seen it with
understand that you have seen
although unfortunately speeding the pipes under the sway of
the alcohol
often also driving under the influence of alcohol and narcotics
it still takes far too much damage on the device department and
speed checks and well watered
an informant of the speed and a person in charge of chasing
the offending motorist
and a voter of pv
on the A6 motorway in the concern for the air of villiers
we set up a speed control the destination of users who
became part of the province
so here they surf on your right% of banking checkpoints a
gendarme
in civil europe
No, the first is equipped with a speedometer
the team works
for 100 euros who therefore takes their first home
all users
who would be in violation of the speed
the users will be intercepted by m
you have on your left
Bernier up to the point of control and verbalization which more is when
even
in the premises of the highway squad of the same
arrived at the toll of nemours the bikers for the agents under embargo
incidentally, the next generation of gendarmes present on the spot
the minutes and to notify
the rights of motorists arrested
the session
not really george pauget not doing something else so
m
so
now with a smile I got caught
% for the lawyer at the German john degenkolb this year in place
so
today to adulthood roy did that I play my function I'm getting
take prospect for sale
it's like that
it's the law the reactions have a responsible yet many are those
who for some 1 04 the point does not hesitate has spent the
speed limits at the risk of increasing the chances of the match by
to have an accident note that 40% of those killed on our roads
25 years old